>> Zac: Let's start off
working through this together.
And then I'll give you a little bit
of time on your own to practice and
see how far along you can get with things,
okay?
So just showing you the files real quick
here.
>> Zac: It,
like all the things we're doing,
is going to go in stages.
So the first section
is going to start off,
you're just going to show a list of posts,
okay?
>> Zac: And then we're, no, that's 2,.1.
>> Zac: Then you're gonna pass arguments.
So ultimately, we only want three posts on
the page, just because it's gonna make it
a little bit faster and
make the page smaller, okay?
So you'll put some arguments in,
and then you'll write the code to
save everything.
>> Zac: And
then you'll write the code to edit,
and then finally delete.
Okay, so I'll start doing
some of this with you, and
then I'll turn it over to
you to do on your own.
And this is just reminding me
one more thing I wanted to
mention before you get in.
This form here is coming from PHP.
This is one of the things that it would
have taken us, cuz you'll see, we'll use
TinyMCE when we use the decoupled example,
it would take us a lot of code.
So to do all these different buttons and
all this, that would've just been crazy in
a visual editor versus a text,
and hooking them with all this.
So in our actual code,
we have a custom template,
that we’ve named custom.php.
And it’s not there, it’s in the save.
So what we’ve done is
this code right here, and
you’ll see this as you start coding along.
It won’t be added till a little bit later,
but notice we're checking to see,
is the user logged in?
And do they have the ability
to edit other people's posts?
There are admins, editors, authors,
subscribers, contributors in WordPress.
And this is checking to see that
they're an editor at least.
Then we're hard coding out
our New Post button, and
we're hard coding out our whole field.
And notice this line,
this is what I wanted to show you,
PHP Editor will put this out.
So like I said,
when you're working in WordPress,
there are times where it's still
not a benefit to use the API.
And doing something like outputting the
entire WordPress editor with one line of
PHP versus trying to build and customize
that whole thing would just be insane.
So this is an example of where
a little bit PHP definitely helps.
And you'll see that unlike traditional
JavaScript apps, some of these is hard
coded, but then everything you list-posts
is just gonna be an empty div.
And that'll be more like div with an ID
of an app where you fill everything in